## 1. [Git and Github](1_get_started/readme.md) Reflection

* What struggles did you have setting up git and GitHub? What did you learn in the process?
* Write an explanation of and compare git and GitHub to a non-technical audience. 
* Describe what version control is and how GitHub helps with it.
* Why do developers use version control (git)? Does that make sense to you? Why or why not?
* What doesn't make sense? What does?

I had/am having some struggles setting up Git. (UPDATE:  Recieved some help from a fellow boot about this, and I am now sorted. Grin) I'm signed up and doing relatively good on GitHub right now. I installed the GitHub app, and tried to complete the setup of Git. I thought it was going well, until I tried creating a README for my new repo. I typed in git init and I recieved the following exception: "dyld: lazy symbol binding failed: symbol not found: ___strlcpy_chk"
I have no idea what that meant, so I googled it and it led me to stackoverflow.  I couldn't make heads or tails of that so I looked for another solution on google and it told me to download xCode for the mac and install command line tools from it (UPDATE: this is what eventually worked). I'm still working on this solution. I also tried to uninstall and re-install Git, but the Uninstall code came up in the xCode window, so it didn't run. 
What I learned is that it pays to identify possible solutions and list them out before just jumping into just one. I think I just made this situation harder from panicking. I need to find and pick the best possible solution.

git and GitHub are two seperate things. I'm a nerd, so I'm going to explain this through comics. In the DC Universe (comic company/publisher), there is something called the "multiverse" In that place(s) many different versions of the same world (universe) can exist. Some of these versions have Superman, Batman, and Wonder Woman in them. Some don't. The point is, there are different versions with different versions of the heroes, villains, civillians, etc. The different worlds are like git.  All of the Supermen can live out their own worlds in their local existence. All of the different worlds are collected (in stories) in different comics. The collection that I keep in a box on my shelf is like GitHub. All of the different worlds/stories are collected together on my shelf where my friends can come look at them (remotely). The only difference is that git is a local program that collects a snapshot of one world/story/code that an author writes on his computer and can make changes to.  GitHub is a place (remote) that authors can pull the story from to add to or take away from(edit).  And then they can push their changes back to.

Version control is a wonderful program that allows users to create content and save it.  But also, once they save/commit the content they can change it, edit it, or even erase it all.  Once they commit the edited version, the magic happens. git creates a whole new version of the save alongside the original.  git assigns each version a hexidecimal number to identify it so that it's not erased or lost.  At any time we can go back and forth between the versions with confidence that none of the content (people's work/code) will be lost.   GitHub also allows for storage of everyone's changes and merging of content by the original user and those he/she has given powers to.

developers us version control in order to allow multiple people to have access (when granted) to play around with their code.  Developers can add to, clean up, and edit each other's code without ever losing anyone's hard work.  It's the best way to share and still respect each other's hard work.  That's why we use it.

What doesn't make sense to me is why we have such a problem setting it up!  I understand that I will have to get used to working with terminal, and bash but just starting out with it? ARGH!!! Maybe I am just used to having things easy in a consumer based society.  But in order to start using a GUI for git, I need to setup in terminal? :/

